well it's the first day of quarterfinals
I'm joined right now by court JJ as well
surely who's gonna help translate court
JJ this feels like a repeat for me
because I remember interviewing you
after quarterfinals in Chicago last year
when you were making it onto the
semifinals and I have to say most of the
Western analysts at least did not
predict you guys to make it out of this
match so what happened why was it such a
stomp and maybe a stomp in the opposite
way so many expected narrative and
sigatoka think you need to them they are
well known as Chicago is how comes on
caucus holiday Cantona so take a quote
on this one so cotton yarn day is Hokuto
Shinken captain gonan una you don't see
me if I can put this neat item okay
don't sing like hunting in and say it
ago seem Cascio Cutrona taco to company
beyond a little kisses son nya oh it
done so hey Timmy terracotta panel so
janky so she didn't eat meat I was
thinking oh yeah th I'm gonna cancel
undetermined go to a burger album and
saw some song so I want Timmy take on
what him well first of all our team is
now being improved as we have more games
going on and I think we're getting
improved based on the feedbacks we get
now regarding our problems and mistakes
in earlier games that is why and now
this year it's interesting because we
saw you guys last year and you did so
well and you made it so far do you think
that this year we could see you make it
as far as last year hang on a samsung
watching young way Kim Jong is had a
good-looking gigantic sincerity Maria's
ooredoo Ssangyong gotten congedo today
was she sick ayah
yeah she goes through so much I'm sorry
Jo Yong Yong Chi Chi gonna thank us a
moment and take a pooja Katanga Coco the
tall tummy on for the tall darlin Sarang
an acronym a douche pal well you know
regarding this game now everyone gets
better as time goes by so as we look
back on our play last year from this
point we didn't we didn't really do
great
so we want to make a better now
semifinal and better final games this
year
it does feel as though long shoe did not
play maybe as well as they did during
groups do you think that is true or is
it maybe that you just figure out their
strategy I mean why is it that it feels
like we saw a different long shoe
tonight than we did last week the
accouterments ecologica could have
stated they go down in some Tanya comes
to be worse need a determinant you go
cognac it's anonymous okay so could it
alegre parque so I guess it's a tumbler
I was in a casino you know a room check
I don't want to put that goes in
concussions oh it's done
so the Hongshan wooden came in sometimes
a group we didn't that wasn't a man a
tall long joke about not on tinder but I
got some dough Connecticut them like
okay who is she talking a calico trigger
so I go to new zona de salta get Julie
to be written or a heresy KOTOR tile
tomahto
well I think all games are relative so
maybe we're stronger than long Jews
former opponents and we did prepare a
lot and prefer for a long time for this
game what team would you like to play in
the semi-finals
huh gang is about now is printing who
let you see casaya oh sorry
what don't you have another team is
caught here though w11 not all together
until we knock it down a menage Kotaku
she neither but not oh hang on a
thousand-aire bucket M&A don't touching
i mean some turkey messes cocoa on a
team you loader who can get it on
transfer will touch him be a toccata in
fact i think it will be really fun and
interesting no matter who we fight
against because in the case of w e
they're very doing well and they're
really a lot of people praising w e so i
really want to have a matchup against
them and in the case of c9 we did a B of
five against them last year so we're
kind of confident fighting against them
again so no matter what team we face we
think we should focus on watching their
previous place and we'll have to prepare
a lot can you give me your prediction
for that match yes hyung
hmm Akane ponzu bicycle Haku Tamil agus
Hyundai he has his Katya well I think
there could be a little variable but
maybe in the favor of we3 to those close
match hopefully sounds like much closer
than the one you just played that's for
sure
other than that is there anything that
you would like to say to any of the fans
now that you have moved on to semifinals
once more in depth an entire chorus on a
Sania chromey just hey gang do we need a
pimpin the cameras in dr. Demeter song
can get a little loud and on its own can
get jumpy Hinata to Musa Puerto Rico
general look of to accommodate or tell
about simple a receipt an angle you wish
pal well no matter we fight against and
the semi-finals we want to prepare
perfectly so we can show great
performance and I also want to
demonstrate my ability and the big stage
like this world series well thank you so
much gorgeous a for the interview and
congratulations on making it to the
semi-finals very exciting game tonight
Thank You Shirley for translating for
one else you can check out the rest of
my coverage right here on my youtube
youtube channel and thank you so much
mobile it exhorting the worlds travel oh
hello I didn't see there I actually just
got back to the hotel after going to the
venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sport site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality let me tell you about
it
it's got schedules for the games and I
know a lot of you hate spoilers there's
actually a spoiler tag that changes the
functionality of the site to hide
results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pre game analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start there are
post game breakdowns builds and more
advanced sense including analytics using
mobile it's specific formula there's
even a section dedicated to champions
themselves in fact you can search
specifically for your favorite player
track their games you
keep Maps read through they're champions
and see more and finally by the way if
watching these videos is too taxing
mobile digs actually has transcribed
many of my world interviews for your
reading pleasure so be sure to check it
out it's got all sorts of cool stuff on
it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
X dot GG and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League Legends over at
mobile xdd slash Travis